

Chapter one 

The place

Ren Rueben was an autistic year six English schoolboy, he was usually described as athletic but also smart, brave, kind and helpful. He loved reading books about spies, Ren had almost never met his parents because his mother died giving birth to him and his dad died in a car crash. Lokie Brightstar, who was twenty one years old, was Ren’s godfather and housekeeper who, technically, raised Ren in England. Ren lived two streets away from Yellowbright Full Primary. On Monday the 10th of February the first day of school and the first day of term one. As usual when Ren would leave the house leaving Lokie playing video games, he would walk to school looking to see if there were any roadworks. Halfway through he just remembered it was his first double digit birthday. After a few minutes wondering what he might want, he saw somebody who had fallen off their bike so Ren went over and helped the stranger up. Midway the stranger shoved a hood over his head so Ren couldn’t see and pushed him in a van parking nearby. Ren didn’t struggle as he read from a majority of spy books. 

                                                    \*

	Soon enough Ren was face to face with a man he had never seen before. The man was in his late thirties, he looked skinny, short and his face showed no emotion. The man said “My name is Axl Zoop and I am the head of SI3”. Axl said this exceptionally fast but Ren caught every single word. “You will be tested both physically and emotionally in five courses or less, because we believe that you have the qualities that we are looking for and your dad was in SI3” Axl added, these words caught Ren’s attention. Ren attempted to say something but Axl cut him off saying “The decision has already been made, nobody  already knows about it  except me, you and all the other recruits and your school has been informed that you will be taking a week off due to health reasons.” Axl went on saying “I’ll meet you in the Philippines. Here is your ticket and Lokie will accompany you, although he thinks you're going on holiday with him.” 

                                                           \*

	Although he didn’t really trust Axl, later that day, Ren was on the thirteen hours and fifteen minutes plane to the Philippines overnight with his godfather. Thirteen hours and fifteen minutes later Ren got off the plane and went through border security as usual with no problems, he went outside to find his taxi waiting there. In the taxi, the driver told Ren and Lokie that they would be staying at Kingsford Hotel Manila for as long as he wanted or in Ren’s case, needed. Ren made observations about where they were staying at, it had a good city view, a big swimming pool as well but he knew that he wouldn’t be enjoying this luxurious place for long, Ren was on the third floor number twelve, queen size bed, bathroom and a bunk bed were all in one bedroom in addition to a tv mounted on the wall. The kitchen was fine and the fridge supplied a good amount of food for about a couple of weeks, for one person. Afterwards, he had a quick shower and put on the black full bodysuit with shoulder, knee and elbow pads that were waiting for Ren on the top of the bunk bed. Axl came and escorted Ren as he made an excuse by saying that Axl was a dad of one of his new friends at his school down the elevator and outside waiting for them was a bullet proof car similar to the ones that presidents use (although it looked nothing like one). 

The test and training center was ten blocks away from the hotel, although they stopped two blocks away from the training center so they wouldn’t be followed. Axl led Ren inside down a hallway, to the left ( Ren noted) was a blue door which led to a passageway that led to another door. Axl showed Ren in and what he saw was a desk with an old fashioned computer sitting on it and two chairs in front of the desk, as Ren sat down in those chairs Axl said “Dr Grate will be with you very soon.” Just as Axl had said a girl with sleek blond hair wearing a white coat had come jogging in and sat in front of them “Sorry I’m late the traffic was bad, my name is Dr Elizea Grate you can call me Elizea if you want” she said very hurriedly, Dr Grate turned the computer on and said “Your name is Ren Christine Rueben just turned ten years old yesterday and is autistic is that correct?” Ren merely nodded  before Dr Grate started again “You consider yourself quick-witted and athletic” He nodded again he opened his mouth to say something but was interrupted by Dr Grate again *why is everyone in such a hurry* Ren wondered “ Dr McGonzalex will be in charge of the tests”. Two minutes later Dr McGonzalex walked in and stood at the door. He said in a deep voice “Mr Rueben come with me” Ren hesitated, but got an encouraging look from Dr Grate, then obeyed.   
